docs: Clarify default for ENV `FETCHMAIL_PARALLEL` (#3603)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/environment.md

##### FETCHMAIL_PARALLEL

- **0** => `fetchmail` runs with a single config file `/etc/fetchmailrc`

> - 1 => `/etc/fetchmailrc` is split per poll entry. For every poll entry a separate fetchmail instance is started to allow having multiple imap idle configurations defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1 => `/etc/fetchmailrc` is split per poll entry. For every poll entry a separate fetchmail instance is started to [allow having multiple imap idle connections per server][fetchmail-imap-workaround] (_when poll entries reference the same IMAP server_).

[fetchmail-imap-workaround]: https://otremba.net/wiki/Fetchmail_(Debian)#Immediate_Download_via_IMAP_IDLE
```

> - 1 => `/etc/fetchmailrc` is split per poll entry. For every poll entry a separate fetchmail instance is started  to allow having multiple imap idle configurations defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1 => `/etc/fetchmailrc` is split per poll entry. For every poll entry a separate fetchmail instance is started to allow having multiple imap idle configurations defined.
```
